Update renderer to use Shiny's new Renderer in two articles (#75)
posit-dev/py-shiny-site: docs/custom-component-one-off.qmd

        """
        return ui.output_tabulator(self.output_name)

    async def transform(self, value: pd.DataFrame) -> Jsonifiable:
        """
        Transform a pandas dataframe into a JSONifiable object that can be
        passed to the tabulator HTML dependency.
        """
        if not isinstance(value, pd.DataFrame):
            # Throw an error if the value is not a dataframe
            raise TypeError(f"Expected a pandas.DataFrame, got {type(value)}. ")

        # Get data from dataframe as a list of lists where each inner list is a
        # row, column names as array of strings and types of each column as an
        # array of strings
        return {
            "data": value.values.tolist(),
            "columns": value.columns.tolist(),
            "type_hints": value.dtypes.astype(str).tolist(),
        }
```
:::{.callout-note}
In the code above we use types so that we can get some type checking in our IDE, but these are not required.
:::

The `Renderer[IT]` class is a decorator that renders output value functions into Jsonifiable objects. A renderer subclass is composed of three main parts: `IT`, `auto_output_ui` and either a `transform` or `render` function.

> `IT` represents the type of the value returned by an output value function. It helps users with IDE support know what kind of objects may be returned by their output value function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the value type we've used is `pd.DataFrame`, which helps users know if they've returned a suitable object in their render function.
```

The `auto_output_ui()` method is used to generate the UI for the output if the renderer were to be used in Express mode. In this case we just use the `output_tabulator()` function we wrote earlier.

Finally, renderers use either the `transform(self, value: IT)` or `render(self)` methods to retrieve and transform the result of an output value function into an object that can be sent to the client. `render_tabulator`'s `transform` method returns a dictionary of data (which is JSON-like, e.g. `Jsonifiable`) to be passed to the client side. The `transform` method is called when the output value function returns a non-`None` value. If the value is `None`, the `render` method quits early, returning `None`.

:::{.callout-note}
# Why an asynchronous `transform` function?

> It is required by Shiny `Renderer` that the `transform` be `async`. This allows for asynchronous transformations to occur even if the output value function is synchronous. By starting as an asynchronous function, we can be sure that we can handle any type of output value function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required by Shiny `Renderer` that the `transform` be `async`. This allows for asynchronous transformations to occur even if the output value function is synchronous. By providing an async function, `Renderer` can then handle either an async or sync function provided by the user.
```
